Update outdated config (#1838)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/datastore/fragments/android/sync.md

## Cloud sync config requirements

> In order to enable cloud sync, the `amplifyconfiguration.json` must contain a configuration for the API category with *EXACTLY ONE* GraphQL endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Amplify CLI should have generated a working `amplifyconfiguration.json` for you. Cloud sync will only be enabled if this file contains *exactly one* GraphQL endpoint, as shown below:
```
